fix: Introduce status code regression mitigation (#7465)
apollographql/apollo-server: docs/source/migration.mdx

Once you've updated your imports, you can remove your project's dependency on `apollo-server-core`.

## Known regressions

> ### Appropriate 400 status codes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Appropriate 400 status codes
```

> Apollo Server v4 will respond to an invalid `variables` object with a _200_ status code, where v3 would correctly respond with a 400 status code. This regression was introduced in [PR #6502](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-server/pull/6502) and brought to our attention in [Issue #7462](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-server/issues/7462).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apollo Server v4 responds to an invalid `variables` object with a 200 status code, whereas v3 responds appropriately with a 400 status code. This regression was introduced in [PR #6502](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-server/pull/6502) and brought to our attention in [Issue #7462](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-server/issues/7462).
```

> The mitigation for this regression is an opt-in configuration option that we recommend for all users who have not already worked around this regression. Simply add the `status400WithErrorsAndNoData: true` option to your `ApolloServer` constructor like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend mitigating this regression unless you've already modified your application to work around it. To do so, add the `status400WithErrorsAndNoData: true` option to your `ApolloServer` constructor:
```

```ts
new ApolloServer({
  // ...
  status400WithErrorsAndNoData: true,
})
```

> This option will no longer be needed (and be ignored) in Apollo Server v5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option will no longer be needed (and will be ignored) in Apollo Server v5.
```

Once you've updated your imports, you can remove your project's dependency on `apollo-server-core`.

## Known regressions

### Appropriate 400 status codes

Apollo Server v4 responds to an invalid `variables` object with a 200 status code, whereas v3 responds appropriately with a 400 status code. This regression was introduced in [PR #6502](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-server/pull/6502) and brought to our attention in [Issue #7462](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-server/issues/7462).

> Specifically, this regression affects cases where _input variable coercion_ fails. Variables of an incorrect type (i.e. `String` instead of `Int`) or unexpectedly `null` are examples that fail variable coercion. Additionally, missing or incorrect types on input objects as well as custom scalars that throw during validation will also fail variable coercion. For additional specifics on variable coercion, see the "Input Coercion" sections in the [GraphQL spec](https://spec.graphql.org/June2018/#sec-Scalars).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifically, this regression affects cases where _input variable coercion_ fails. Variables of an incorrect type (i.e. `String` instead of `Int`) or unexpectedly `null` are examples that fail variable coercion. Additionally, missing or incorrect fields on input objects as well as custom scalars that throw during validation will also fail variable coercion. For additional specifics on variable coercion, see the "Input Coercion" sections in the [GraphQL spec](https://spec.graphql.org/June2018/#sec-Scalars).
```
